the miraculous hour can not be
even awake with me one hour
said our Lord to the disciples in
the Gethsemane garden
brother have some difficulty for
commit to prayer
sometimes I have a life of
rich and complete prayer for long
periods of time but after falling
and for months I struggle to recover that
intimacy and depth with the lord
this method of the miraculous hour arose
at the end of a period of long dryness
where I was ashamed of myself
little prayer and cry out to the Lord that
come to my help
I woke up one morning and I shouted
Mr. sir, I have to have an hour
of quality with you but I can only
do with your grace please please
Help me
he not only gave me a rich and full hour
of grace but also taught me a
simple way for a daily hour of
prayer I approach a more intimacy
deep with him and I prepare for
walk my Christian path
remember the old saying that says step to
step is a big step
I have divided an hour into twelve
segments of five minutes each as
I show on the page clock
following
listen to my prayer or king and my god to
I beg you, my lord, tomorrow and
listen to my voice told you early my
prayer and then I hope in you
between each segment of 5 minutes it
can you pray an Our Father or any
Another short sentence of your preference
for Catholics and other Christians
who have a relationship with the mother of
God, I invite you to include a Hail Mary
as a transition between sections for
those who can pray in the gift
charismatic of tongues I exhort you that
this form of prayer in different
Moments also be done in this hour
miraculous it is wonderful to start the day
with the Lord praying in the hours
early in the morning before you start
the daily work but since it's in
the morning or at noon or at night is
very beneficial to choose a time and a
room for prayer
and really the prayer must go through the
transition of going from that formal time
towards spontaneous encounters with god a
Throughout the day
It's wonderful when we can get to
a freedom where the Lord is so
real that we have conversations with him
in our time of prayer in the
context of all our activities
the prayers and reflections of this
booklet of this duration method are
offered as a suggestion for
help you start
The more you personalize them if
let the holy spirit that
drive spontaneously with your own
words every time you will have a
bigger meaning for you you can
expect a tremendous awakening and a
continuous depth in your life
spiritual through your miracle now
miraculous daily
a friend who reviewed the initial draft
of this book commented this is going to lead to
many people through a process of
breaking barriers and getting rid of
of many things in many areas of his
life of their lives
when she sees another friend Nancy she
he said we had been praying for him
someone did this
at the end of each segment are included
also some fragments of the
writing
and that was the idea of ​​this friend
or I urge you to come and pray with
an attitude of openness and hope see
remembering all the times that God
has helped you in the past and come with the
firm assurance that he will help you
even more in the future consider your time
miraculous daily as a meeting
mighty intensely loving with you
father of heaven a time of cleansing
deep consecration and growth in
Faith
a time of understanding the roads
of God they see accepting and waiting for their
well-prepared love experience your
goodness and his mercy come with a
open heart that sincerely says
lord change me come to be transformed
released healed and commissioned by the
Sir
there is a desperate need for
people of prayer in this world of
atheism and anti-Christian practices I
I believe that God is calling his people
to pray more intensely today than ever
if only we could understand the
immensity of God's plan for
our lives and the importance of
our prayers we would pay in
dry and re-evaluate and we all our
priorities immediately life is
very short and very precious to arrest her
wasting empty things joy
when writing this I am thinking of me
dear brother-in-law harvey smith
to whom I dedicate this method that died in
an accident in the Caribbean he maybe
had only one or two minutes to
to be able to put his life in order with God
none of us knows how many days
weeks or months we are left in this life
precious
At some point in my life I faced
with cancer
and I seriously had the possibility of
to die this turned my life completely
and I made a decision not to waste
nor ever even a moment in things
empty would accompany me I am
what would you do a new commitment with god
with your community with the renovation
world charismatic to be a person
of prayer
surely god will bless you for this
good decision that will take
you need to have a bible at hand a
spiritual notebook and a pen and a
quiet place to meet with your
brothers to undertake this prayer or in
personal way too
Join me now in an hour of power
that will change your life beloved father
heavenly in the name of jesus I ask you
that you spill at this moment by in
all of us your children a new
spirit of prayer that comes over
we now increase our desire to
you and our desire for the salvation of
the people in this world prayed with the
psalmist
how the doe looks for the water source
so my soul seeks you
to you
my god
my soul has
you see god alive
when I came in to see the face of God
these words are extracted words
of the brochure of the introduction of
booklet the miraculous hour of the inda
schubert lay leader of the renewal
charismatic in North America the time
miraculous is undoubtedly the method of
most important prayer of renewal
charismatic worldwide the most
cash the best a hug